feat(core/chip+pill): add property to display ix-tooltip with customizable text (#1697)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/_chip_styleguide.md

- **Icon**: Chips can include an icon within the element which is positioned before the chip's label.
- **Color**: Customize font and icon color for chip. This allows users to specify a unique font color in combination with a custom background color (only applicable when the variant is set to 'custom').
- **Width**: Typically content length determines chip width with a minimum width of '2rem'. Chip width can be set to a specific value.

> - **Tooltip text**: The default behavior shows the chip text content as a tooltip. If specified, it shows the defined text as a tooltip. If set to "none", no tooltip is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tooltip text**: The default behavior displays the chip's text content as a tooltip. If a specific text is provided, it will be shown as the tooltip instead. If set to 'none', no tooltip will be displayed.
```
